PPL command expression implementation for `geoip` (#3228)
opensearch-project/sql: docs/user/ppl/functions/ip.rst

GEOIP
---------

Description
>>>>>>>>>>>

Usage: `geoip(dataSourceName, ipAddress[, options])` to lookup location information from given IP addresses via OpenSearch GeoSpatial plugin API.

Argument type: STRING, STRING, STRING

Return type: OBJECT

.. The execution of below example is being excluded, as this requires a standalone Geo-Spatial dataSource setup, which is not yet supported by docTest.

Example:

    > source=weblogs | eval LookupResult = geoip("dataSourceName", "50.68.18.229", "country_iso_code,city_name")
    fetched rows / total rows = 1/1
    +-------------------------------------------------------------+
    | LookupResult                                                |
    |-------------------------------------------------------------|
    | {'city_name': 'Vancouver', 'country_iso_code': 'CA'}        |
    +-------------------------------------------------------------+

Note:
 - `dataSourceName` must be an established dataSource on OpenSearch GeoSpatial plugin, detail of configuration can be found: https://opensearch.org/docs/latest/ingest-pipelines/processors/ip2geo/
 - `ip` can be an IPv4 or an IPv6 address

>  - `options` is a comma separated String of fields to output: the selection of fields is subject to dataSourceProvider's schema.  For example, the list of fields in the provided `geolite2-city` dataset includes: "country_iso_code", "country_name", "continent_name", "region_iso_code", "region_name", "city_name", "time_zone", "location"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `options` is an optional String of comma separated fields to output: the selection of fields is subject to dataSourceProvider's schema.  For example, the list of fields in the provided `geolite2-city` dataset includes: "country_iso_code", "country_name", "continent_name", "region_iso_code", "region_name", "city_name", "time_zone", "location"
```
